Support for VMSS in-line extensions behind feature flag (#8222)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/linux_virtual_machine_scale_set.html.markdown

* `do_not_run_extensions_on_overprovisioned_machines` - (Optional) Should Virtual Machine Extensions be run on Overprovisioned Virtual Machines in the Scale Set? Defaults to `false`.

* `extension` - (Optional) One or more `extension` blocks as defined below

> ~> **NOTE:** This block is in Opt-In beta and requires the environment variable `ARM_PROVIDER_VMSS_EXTENSIONS_BETA` to be set to a non-empty value to be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!> **NOTE:** This block is only available in the Opt-In beta and requires that the Environment Variable `ARM_PROVIDER_VMSS_EXTENSIONS_BETA` is set to `true` to be used.
```

---

> An `extension` block supports the following:

Reviewer: it'd be worth repeating this here:

```suggestion
An `extension` block supports the following:

!> **NOTE:** This block is only available in the Opt-In beta and requires that the Environment Variable `ARM_PROVIDER_VMSS_EXTENSIONS_BETA` is set to `true` to be used.
```

* `name` - (Required) The name for the Virtual Machine Scale Set Extension.

* `publisher` - (Required) Specifies the Publisher of the Extension.

* `type` - (Required) Specifies the Type of the Extension.

* `type_handler_version` - (Required) Specifies the version of the extension to use, available versions can be found using the Azure CLI.

* `auto_upgrade_minor_version` - (Optional) Should the latest version of the Extension be used at Deployment Time, if one is available? This won't auto-update the extension on existing installation. Defaults to `true`.

* `force_update_tag` - (Optional) A value which, when different to the previous value can be used to force-run the Extension even if the Extension Configuration hasn't changed.

* `protected_settings` - (Optional) A JSON String which specifies Sensitive Settings (such as Passwords) for the Extension.

> ~> **NOTE:** Keys within the `protected_settings` block are notoriously case-sensitive, where the casing required (e.g. TitleCase vs snakeCase) depends on the Extension being used. Please refer to the documentation for the specific Virtual Machine Extension you're looking to use for more information.

Reviewer: might be nice to include a usage hint here:

```suggestion
~> **NOTE:** Keys within the `protected_settings` block are notoriously case-sensitive, where the casing required (e.g. TitleCase vs snakeCase) depends on the Extension being used. Please refer to the documentation for the specific Virtual Machine Extension you're looking to use for more information.

-> **Note:** Rather than defining JSON inline [you can use the `jsonencode` interpolation function](XXX) to define this in a cleaner way.
```

* `provision_after_extensions` - (Optional) An ordered list of Extension names which this should be provisioned after.

* `settings` - (Optional) A JSON String which specifies Settings for the Extension.

> ~> **NOTE:** Keys within the `settings` block are notoriously case-sensitive, where the casing required (e.g. TitleCase vs snakeCase) depends on the Extension being used. Please refer to the documentation for the specific Virtual Machine Extension you're looking to use for more information.

Reviewer: might be nice to add a usage hint here:

```suggestion
~> **NOTE:** Keys within the `settings` block are notoriously case-sensitive, where the casing required (e.g. TitleCase vs snakeCase) depends on the Extension being used. Please refer to the documentation for the specific Virtual Machine Extension you're looking to use for more information.

-> **Note:** Rather than defining JSON inline [you can use the `jsonencode` interpolation function](XXX) to define this in a cleaner way.
```
